README.md, before:

[![Chrome Web Store](thirdparty/badges/users.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)
[![Chrome Web Store](thirdparty/badges/rating.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)

[<img src="https://rawgit.com/AurelienLourot/google-input-tools-large-keyboard/master/thirdparty/icon280.png" align="right" width="70" height="70">](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)

# Google Input Tools: large keyboard

*Large font size for Google Input Tools' keyboard.*

**With this Chrome extension :+1:**

![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![readable](docs/assets/with.png)

Without :sob:

![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![unreadable](docs/assets/without.png)

[Why this?](docs/why.md)

## How to get it?

* Install [Google Input Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-input-tools/mclkkofklkfljcocdinagocijmpgbhab).
* Install [this Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh).

Commit message:

Google took the extension down.

README.md, after:

> **WARNING**: Google took the extension down from the Web Store, see
> [#1](https://github.com/AurelienLourot/google-input-tools-large-keyboard/issues/1).

[![Chrome Web Store](thirdparty/badges/users.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)
[![Chrome Web Store](thirdparty/badges/rating.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)

[<img src="https://rawgit.com/AurelienLourot/google-input-tools-large-keyboard/master/thirdparty/icon280.png" align="right" width="70" height="70">](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh)

# Google Input Tools: large keyboard

*Large font size for Google Input Tools' keyboard.*

**With this Chrome extension :+1:**

![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![readable](docs/assets/with.png)

Without :sob:

![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![ ](docs/assets/blank.png)![unreadable](docs/assets/without.png)

[Why this?](docs/why.md)

## How to get it?

* Install [Google Input Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-input-tools/mclkkofklkfljcocdinagocijmpgbhab).
* Install [this Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/large-keyboard-for-google/gjhnbhjegnfhehpjhkajgfbkcbpmomoh).
